Introduction
---

This website is built using the following:
  - Vue 3
  - Bootstrap
  - CSS

Overview of the project
---
I installed the latest Vue version (vue3) and used bootstrap for layout and some styling to utilize the framework. 

--- 
For Exercise 1:
---

- I copied the images provided on the https://github.com/mindarc/frontend-assessment and uploaded them to my assets folder and used later on.
- I made the website responsive on both mobile and desktop.
- I created a 'text.json' file where I added the text for the cards. Then, imported it to the Grid component and passed it to Card component for rendering.
- Match the designs exactly.
- I added a simple hover effect on the cards to ensure that the design is still close to the Provided design. 

#### Assets
- Desktop banner - https://via.placeholder.com/1920x650
- Mobile banner - https://via.placeholder.com/600x600
- Content images - https://via.placeholder.com/400x300

---

For Exercise 2:
---
- I copied the data.json file from https://github.com/mindarc/frontend-assessment to my src folder and called it on the 'Tab' and 'Accordion' sections for rendering.
- The Tab and Accordion components are both mobile and desktop responsive.
- Display data in tabs on desktop.
- Display data in an accordion on mobile.
- Only 1 accordion/tab should be open at a time.
- Open the first accordion/tab on load.
- If the open accordion is selected, close it.

#### BONUS POINTS
---

Explain why the result of ('b' + 'a' + + 'a' + 'a').toLowerCase() is banana.

#### Explanation:
 - Screenshot of replication - https://prnt.sc/BGDdOqhTT6IX
 - The ('b' + 'a') if concatenated will produced 'ba', same will happen to ('a' + 'a') = 'aa'. However, we can see from the code another set of '+' operator.
 - ('b' + 'a' + + 'a'...) the "+'a'" is producing a NaN error (Not a Number) because it's forcing it to become a number even though it's a string. The first 'a' followed by the '+' operator is concatenating to the next data type (2nd 'a'). However, the 2nd 'a' with '+' operator before it has become a unary plus operator, it's treating the '+a' a number even though it's a string that's why error 'NaN' is thrown.
 - ('b' + 'a' + + 'a'...) will produced 'baNaN' because of the error generated by the second "+'a'".
 - ('b' + 'a' + + 'a' + 'a') from the explanation above, this one will produced "'baNaNa'" because the third 'a' will be concatenated.
 - ('b' + 'a' + + 'a' + 'a').toLowerCase() will produced 'banana' because we converted the entire text including the error to lowercase.




